feat(versioning): same major (#28418)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/versioning/same-major/readme.md

> The 'Same Major' versioning is a `unique` type of versioning that Renovate provides, which is not implemented t handle a manager or datasource.
> But instead to provide a way for users to handle the case where a version needs to treated as a constraint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 'Same Major' versioning is designed to handle the case where a version needs to treated as a "greate than or equal to" constraint.
```

> Renovate's Same Major versioning is specifically designed to address scenarios where version specifications, denoted as X.Y.Z, signify a range of compatibility from greater than or equal to X.Y.Z to less than X+1.Y.Z. In essence, each individual version is to be treated as a constraint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Renovate's 'Same Major' versioning is specifically designed to address scenarios where version specifications, denoted as X.Y.Z, signify a range of compatibility from greater than or equal to X.Y.Z to less than X+1.Y.Z. In essence, each individual version is to be treated as a constraint.
```

> Renovate's 'Same Major' versioning is specifically designed to address scenarios where version specifications, denoted as X.Y.Z, signify a range of compatibility from greater than or equal to X.Y.Z to less than X+1.Y.Z. In essence, each individual version is to be treated as a constraint.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Renovate's 'Same Major' versioning is specifically designed to address scenarios where version specifications, denoted as X.Y.Z, signify a range of compatibility from greater than or equal to X.Y.Z to less than X+1.
In essence, each individual version is to be treated as a constraint.
```

> This method is handy when managing dependencies like dotnet-sdk's rollForward settings. Let's say a project uses dotnet-sdk version 3.1.0. It needs to be compatible with any version in the 3.x.x range but not with versions in the next major version, like 4.x.x.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This method is handy when managing dependencies like dotnet-sdk's rollForward settings.
Let's say a project uses dotnet-sdk version 3.1.0.
It needs to be compatible with any version in the 3.x.x range but not with versions in the next major version, like 4.x.x.
```

> This process employs Semver-Coerced versioning beneath the surface, wherein single versions (e.g., `X.Y.Z`) are converted to a range like
> `X+1.0.0` and then passed to the corresponding semver-coerced method.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This process employs Semver-Coerced versioning beneath the surface, wherein single versions (e.g., `X.Y.Z`) are converted to a range like `X+1` and then passed to the corresponding semver-coerced method.
```
one sentence per line

> Renovate's 'Same Major' versioning is specifically designed to address scenarios where version specifications, denoted as X.Y.Z, signify a range of compatibility from greater than or equal to X.Y.Z to less than X+1.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Renovate's 'Same Major' versioning is designed to address scenarios where version specifications, denoted as `X.Y.Z`, signify a range of compatibility from greater than or equal to `X.Y.Z` to less than `X+1`.
```

In essence, each individual version is to be treated as a constraint.

This method is handy when managing dependencies like dotnet-sdk's rollForward settings.

> Let's say a project uses dotnet-sdk version 3.1.0.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Let's say a project uses dotnet-sdk version `3.1.0`.
```

> It needs to be compatible with any version in the 3.x.x range but not with versions in the next major version, like 4.x.x.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
It needs to be compatible with any version in the `3.x.x` range but _not_ with versions in the next major version, like `4.x.x`.
```

> This process employs Semver-Coerced versioning beneath the surface, wherein single versions (e.g., `X.Y.Z`) are converted to a range like `X+1` and then passed to the corresponding semver-coerced method.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This process uses Semver-Coerced versioning beneath the surface, single versions (e.g., `X.Y.Z`) are converted to a range like `X+1` and then passed to the corresponding semver-coerced method.
```
